Joe Beda: Hello, hello.
Joe Beda: Oh wait, can I hear you? I don't know if I can hear you. Can I hear you?
Joe Beda: No, you're muted.
Daz: I'm on mute, it helps when I unmute.
Daz: I logged in, and, like, the recorder was like, anything you… like, we're recording your thing, and I'm like, I'm the only one here, so I'm gonna be on mute.
Joe Beda: And I was always like, what is this thing actually… You know, like, when you call up a phone number, and you're like.
Kostadis Roussos: They're like, you're on hold?
Joe Beda: They can be recording your end of the conversation, just because…
Daz: Syrian.
Joe Beda: Hold music doesn't mean they're not listening.
Kostadis Roussos: Just for the record.
Kostadis Roussos: I told you I would answer the question about zones or not zones.
Joe Beda: Appreciate this. I haven't read it yet, I saw it, though.
Daz: I read it. I very much enjoyed it.
Joe Beda: internal topocentric protocol.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, that was, Ben Fath's contribution. He said, does it use NTP? I said, well, we have to make sure.
Kostadis Roussos: The Midnight Tears.
Kostadis Roussos: Joe mocked it, said, does it use time zones? How does it know which time zone it is? And I said, challenge accepted, I will produce an explanation.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, if you're in the wrong.
Joe Beda: I was just glad to… I'm happy to know that there's no way that you would have produced, like.
Joe Beda: four pages of this without AI, right? I mean.
Kostadis Roussos: Or maybe… No, of course not!
Joe Beda: Like, I mean, I, you know, don't doubt your dedication to the craft, huh?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, no, I'm just like… but I had to give it some guidance over what it produced.
Joe Beda: I'm sure, you know, you spent a good, you know, 5 minutes prompting this thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I did.
Kostadis Roussos: But one does not produce these problems. Like, there's a whole… there's a whole thing I have for producing problems.
Joe Beda: There's skill there, there's skill there, I, you know, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: There's a whole thing around faux science that I've produced.
Joe Beda: Which bolt to turn, right, in the steam engine?
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So let me get myself ready… Cornings are set up.
Kostadis Roussos: The one I'm most proud of, though, is my theory of why prices don't change in Dungeons & Dragons.
Joe Beda: I do like that this treatise goes into, sort of, what is time, even?
Daz: Who doesn't even mean?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: And it makes references to Char, and to the goddess of the moon.
Kostadis Roussos: And the goddess of the, you know, the goddess of darkness and the goddess of the moon, Char and Seluni.
Kostadis Roussos: Explains the Underdark conundrum.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm… Okay, what was I? Roll 20, that's what I'm looking at
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, midnight is when…
Joe Beda: The sun is directly on the other side of the globe from you.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, apparently.
Joe Beda: Regardless of where you are. So if you did continue to ride west, you could essentially out, out.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, yes, yes, that is in fact what it says. As long as you keep riding west, or…
Joe Beda: If you stop.
Kostadis Roussos: shift, or you escape from… go into a different plane, or have someone who can cast Lesser Restoration.
Joe Beda: That last one's probably the easiest.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, for you it is, but not necessarily for everybody.
Joe Beda: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And if you're a Magic user who doesn't have any cleric buddy friends, you know, Planeshift is a convenient, you know.
Joe Beda: There you go.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Also, it means that it's not the best poison to use against a Mind Flayer or a, Githyanki, who have the ability to natively planeshift.
Kostadis Roussos: Explains why the drow love it, because nobody knows what time it's midnight.
Kostadis Roussos: Was it midnight now, or in an hour or so? I guess we'll find out.
Joe Beda: There's only one way to know!
Kostadis Roussos: It creates all sorts of diabolical drowisms that are made possible.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. How do we, or how do we synchronize clock? Quick, bring some slaves.
Joe Beda: That's rough.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry. It is the evil, they are evil. You know, you're supposed to be able to use them for all evil things. Gabe is now doing something in his head that is frightening me.
Gabe: Well, you say one true sun, and talk about its light being furthest.
Gabe: That's interesting. So does that imply, given any physical property that would slow light down, is it, like, physical distance?
Kostadis Roussos: Magic, magic, magic! Physics does not work the way you think it does in the realms. I have an article on that.
Kostadis Roussos: Physics is a compromise.
Joe Beda: research here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, alright, let me just go to…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, today I accidentally created my first loop in Claude.
Kostadis Roussos: Just for the record, it… Loop, yes.
Joe Beda: Loop as in, like, on purpose, or…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I mean, so are you guys familiar at all with the looping property of Clod?
Joe Beda: I don't know.
Joe Beda: Repeat until you hit this exit condition, then it just, like, repeats until it hits the exit condition.
Kostadis Roussos: So I… so it's possible to set up Claude in such a way that it will keep looping on an action until it's complete?
Daz: Okay.
Joe Beda: Another feature built into the harness?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you can either do it… you can either type slash loop, or… apparently, it will decide it needs to go in a loop by itself.
Kostadis Roussos: So that… the reason I'm bringing it to your attention is not for the fact that I… that it exists, nor that I used it, but that apparently it is something it can decide to do on its own.
Kostadis Roussos: And depending on what that loop is, you might suddenly find yourself not being able to use a token for hours or days. Or worse, if you're using an AVI token, wishing you were never born, or that you had a way to cut it off at the knees.
Joe Beda: Well, don't worry, it analyzes the program that it's running to see whether it'll complete or not before it actually launches that loop.
Joe Beda: It's good at that, I proved that.
Kostadis Roussos: It's new.
Kostadis Roussos: Don't worry, he hasn't do anything.
Gabe: Nice.
Kostadis Roussos: No, dude, no, dude, that was so well delivered, man. Like, this is why he's a YouTube personality, and I'm just, you know, some dude who posts shit.
Joe Beda: No, I'm demoted to dude who post shit, I am not a YouTube personality anymore. I do kind of want to start doing a TGIK thing again, but, like, all we do these days is we set stuff up, and then we sit there and we watch the wheel spin, or I go and, like, read Reddit. I mean, like, I mean, I guess I could do another, like.
Joe Beda: agent, but you know what I'm saying? It's like, it's not the sort of linear progression that it used to be.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair enough.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair enough. Fair enough. Anyways. Alright, so, I did share with you guys the document with the latest Inspector Clouseau's notes.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, did you? Where was he? Yes, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: It was a little bit earlier, earlier. If you scroll up just a little bit.
Joe Beda: Oh, that one says June 15th, and I'm like, but that's not today, that is today.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Player, it's the Player Murder Investigation Tracker 2.
Kostadis Roussos: document, and if you…
Joe Beda: Final, final, final.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well, you know, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and so the bottom of the document, if you… it's got tabs, it's got bookmarks if you're curious, you know, selections, and if you go to the bottom… I did read the third one to make sure it was at least notionally correct, but I do admit that I may have… the AI may have gotten some notes wrong. If you…
Kostadis Roussos: think that it got something wrong, just tell me or ask, I'll just double-check.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, the big thing that happens… well, tell me when you guys are ready.
Daz: Alrighty, is, I guess…
Kostadis Roussos: Gregam's not here, but that's okay, because it allowed me to create a alternative thing. As Grigam is headed towards you.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? He heads towards… he's walking… he… he's sitting at his, in his, in his office, at the library, he's reading his book, he's doing his research, and he's picked up this note about the
Kostadis Roussos: What is it called?
Kostadis Roussos: On punctual tree… on punctual tears, on the punctual tears, because he thought it would be an interesting thing to read about the midnight tears.
Kostadis Roussos: As he's walking towards… towards you, while he was sitting there, Varetha, the vowed that he had met up, was super excited about his new, answer to the Grigament
Kostadis Roussos: triangle, which has turned it into a quadrangle by offering a fourth option. That has turned everybody upside down. And in spite of the fact that somebody is murdered.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? There's active investigations.
Kostadis Roussos: The entire Avowed community and community of Candle Keep wants to, right then and there, have a debate in the Grand Hall on this topic.
Kostadis Roussos: Because nothing says… nothing says that you're an academic institution when you can blow off everything that's important to focus on what really matters. New research.
Kostadis Roussos: And getting published.
Kostadis Roussos: Of course.
Kostadis Roussos: So, the important detail here is now everybody is headed towards the, the, the research area, which gives you guys an opportunity to go search in some areas where practically nobody will be watching. For example.
Kostadis Roussos: In the dining room.
Kostadis Roussos: Where the meals were served, which may have been a possible source, you know, and other areas. So, meanwhile, you also have Dural sitting next to you, who's very, like, he's not leaving Daz and Thorin.
Kostadis Roussos: Because he's concluded the only two people who don't want him dead are the two of you.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. And he… because, remember, he has the poison book, and he realized that somebody… so, and I think you guys concluded he's probably not the poisoner.
Daz: Not the guy.
Kostadis Roussos: And given his current freakout, of course, he is, you know, he's kind of hoping you won't tell
Kostadis Roussos: Zaltir, his opinion about Dragonborn, he did say it while he was drunk, it was, you know, barroom talk, it wasn't meant to be, you know, taken seriously.
Kostadis Roussos: You need a… What?
Gabe: Totally, totally.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, just, just, just to be clear, meanwhile, you know, he's… so, so, so that, so you guys are… and as you're headed toward, as you're headed back towards, Denier's Sanctum.
Kostadis Roussos: After having investigated the hearth, so that you can all meet up with Zoltir, who's in Denyer's Sanctum, as he was talking to Kaelin Strongbranch,
Kostadis Roussos: But Graham sees you, and decides that he'd rather not hold onto this key while being in a room full of Avowed, and hands it over to Daz.
Daz: Hands the key over to me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Daz: Is this the key, like, he normally kept around his neck or whatever?
Kostadis Roussos: This was the key that, this was Kalen Strongbridge, yes, who used to carry it around his neck.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And the other thing you guys recalled, the thing that's gotten you thinking is that
Kostadis Roussos: Where… that you found out that somebody had stolen a sapphire, right?
Kostadis Roussos: And you also discovered… you also discovered that the sapphire was a very convenient spell for a particular… for getting an item, as long as it was not in the possession of anyone.
Daz: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: A dead person can't possess something.
Kostadis Roussos: An undead can, but a dead person can't.
Daz: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Joe Beda: Legally, or…
Kostadis Roussos: We're talking Magic Sun's dead.
Joe Beda: Oh, okay, gotcha, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: The magic doesn't work. If the creature is dead, it is considered to not be in possession of anything.
Kostadis Roussos: The followers of Kellenvore have made this point very clear.
Kostadis Roussos: And the God of Death… the death has spoken on this topic repeatedly.
Kostadis Roussos: Through his usual cryptic phrases that are incomprehensible.
Kostadis Roussos: Gabe, you look at…
Gabe: You went out of your way to clarify that in an unexpected way.
Gabe: So, are you sharing, like, meta hints?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, no, you guys found… because it's been a week, and, you know, you guys can't… and I just spent the last 3 hours, several hours figuring all this shit out, I'm just bringing you up to speed with shit your characters would remember independently, right?
Gabe: Well, the new information that we didn't have, at least I don't think we had, was the part about the spell working, rather, now working when someone dies.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, I… that was a piece of information that I wanted to share with you. Yes, this is…
Gabe: Right, and is that a clue? Suggesting that I…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it explains why Callen's strong branch might have wanted to give you the key rather than hold it on to himself.
Gabe: Oh, you're talking about his key, not the other key.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, the other key.
Gabe: Okay.
Gabe: But this spell has to be tied to something ahead of time, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, well, he doesn't know if somebody managed to do that, so he's being paran- he may be paranoid.
Gabe: But he's been in possession of this key for, like, years or whatever, hasn't he?
Kostadis Roussos: He's being paranoid.
Joe Beda: How do we… I mean, can these keys be duplicated?
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Joe Beda: Because I watched the last episode of Poirot the other day.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, dude, I knew this was gonna come. Yes, actually, to be quite honest, they can, in fact, be duplicated. But the process of duplication is… it requires powerful magic that is not readily accessible.
Daz: No, no, no, no, you just have to take a picture with your iPhone and ask ChatGPT what the PIN numbers are for the tumblers, and then you go to Home Depot and put the key type in.
Daz: I just was with 3D.
Joe Beda: I printed on my 3D printer, I mean, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I'm just telling you that in the Forgotten Realms…
Joe Beda: For the purposes here, what I'm hearing is that, let's not go down that line of inquiry.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, you could go down that line of inquiry, but Fembris… Fembris is appalled that you would even suggest it. He's hanging out with you, and Daral starts laughing.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, you know, laughing, but not trying to laugh too hard, because he doesn't want to offend you, in case you decide to not heal him, because he's kind of feeling very paranoid right now.
Joe Beda: Alright, so we're definitely gonna hang out with him until midnight, see what happens, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Seriously?
Joe Beda: How does this death come on? Is this a sort of a sudden thing? I mean, because I would love confirmation whether it really is the book that's poisoned or not, we just don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Joe Beda: Look, I don't want to kill the guy.
Kostadis Roussos: Also, there's…
Joe Beda: Vital information at stake here.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, Daral says, well, I… so do you tell him this? Like, I mean, this is Thorin, so yes, Thorin would in fact say this.
Joe Beda: Yeah, I'm just brutally honest. I'm like…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Dural is a little bit, you know, he's kind of gotten that, I've just gotten sober, really quick expression on his face.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, he's had quite a day. He thought he was gonna get fired, then he realizes the guy that was gonna fire him is dead, which means that he's not gonna get fired, his book collection doesn't have to go anywhere, he's just… and then he's thinking everything's good, and then he finds out that the people whom he was making fun of just might have saved his life, and that there's somebody trying to kill him.
Joe Beda: We haven't saved his life yet.
Kostadis Roussos: I said might save his life.
Joe Beda: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And that's the other part, is the might, and he's realizing that maybe nobody loves him or cares about him, and that the only people he could turn to are these people who just showed up yesterday, and even they're questioning their desires to save him.
Joe Beda: Look, I'm just saying, if we solve the murder, we get any book in the place.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just telling you this perspective.
Joe Beda: We get shit.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair, fair. Alright, no, fair. So, Dural does make a point.
Joe Beda: I'll be like, look, dude, we don't, you know, we'll save you. We're not that evil.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, no, no, before you say that, he says, but there is a reason, but there is a way for you to find out whether it is the poison, the particular poison.
Joe Beda: Oh, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes!
Kostadis Roussos: You can go to the Oak Tree Apothecary.
Kostadis Roussos: It is between the Sea Warden's Tower and the House of Mechanis, a wooden treehouse in the burrows of a huge evergreen oak. There is a… Lovin is an elderly, absent-minded satire druid with a pet squirrel. He would be able to identify the poison definitively from the book.
Daz: Okay, let's go.
Joe Beda: Yo!
Kostadis Roussos: No, not the squirrel!
Kostadis Roussos: Lovin, but he says, wait, but, but, you know, you would know before or after, you could just heal me right now.
Kostadis Roussos: You're beginning to sense that if you heal him right now, he's gonna disappear on you, so if you want to keep him around for information…
Joe Beda: Yeah, yeah, no, I would like, look, I mean, we could use a warm intro with this guy. Obviously, there might be a cost associated with it, you could help us out with that.
Joe Beda: You know, so why don't we go, and you can do a warm intro here, you know.
Gabe: Well, before we commit to that, do we care? Like…
Gabe: Does it… does it give us information to confirm that this poison…
Joe Beda: Talk to this guy.
Kostadis Roussos: Rule, I mean…
Joe Beda: Yes, I mean, we… it could be that there was some other vector for the poison. I mean, all the clues point to the fact that it was the book.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, one of the questions… one of the questions, how'd this one even get such a poison? It's not like the kind of poison you go to…
Joe Beda: So we got the name of the apothecary, we can go there and ask, like, who else actually asked for this type of poison, did you see anything, all that, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: So there's an expert we can ask there. I think…
Joe Beda: We want to keep this guy on the hook long enough so that we can understand the timeline of
Joe Beda: when and where the book was actually poisoned, right? Was it poisoned before or after he gave it to the victim?
Joe Beda: Right, so I think if the poison is in the book, then the timeline of the book becomes absolutely critical.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so while you're having this discussion, Fembris goes, excuse me, Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: He's your keeper, and… I'm sorry, I know it's totally inappropriate, but the disputation is going to be quite the… is going to be quite the event. In the Oval theater, half the avowed are already there. Bookworm will be there. It's a political statement, she can't afford not to be there. Tellers will be there, Feminore will attend. I mean, they'll all be there, can I go? Would you be, would it, would it be…
Kostadis Roussos: Would it be okay if I left?
Kostadis Roussos: To attend.
Joe Beda: Wait, what is this that you're going to?
Kostadis Roussos: Gregam's talk.
Kostadis Roussos: just to remind you, Varith, while Varith was in the, while Gregam was…
Kostadis Roussos: Grigam is currently in the middle of a dispute about
Kostadis Roussos: the gam… the… around his new theory that there's a…
Joe Beda: Right, right, right, right.
Kostadis Roussos: So, like…
Joe Beda: Why does this dude want to go? Is he genuinely interested?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, because… no, no, he's genuine… no, first of all, it's kind of a big deal that he wants to go away from you, right? Because he is, what's the word I'm looking for? His job
Kostadis Roussos: to be…
Joe Beda: Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so now that gives you a whole hour, a whole block of time where you could go look at things without your minder.
Kostadis Roussos: Before he… Sure, sure.
Gabe: Does he know the identify spell?
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Gabe: No, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: If you're not, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: So, there's a couple of things, so there's, like, a couple places you could go.
Gabe: Mike, do you.
Kostadis Roussos: There's, like…
Gabe: I spoke.
Daz: Do I have what?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't. No, he doesn't… no.
Joe Beda: What does Daryl have?
Kostadis Roussos: What is it, hold on, what is it that, hold on. What is this… what do you want to do with a spell? Because, like, you're in the Candle Keep, I'm sure somewhere, somebody, somebody can cast to identify, so what is it that you want to accomplish?
Gabe: I want to cast it on the key, the key we were given, to see if there are spells affecting it.
Daz: I have Identify.
Daz: This is a first level divination spell.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: That's a ritual.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, well in that case, go for it.
Daz: I just need to touch it.
Daz: Hold on.
Daz: You touch an object through the spell… throughout the spell's casting. If the object is a magic item or some other magical object, you learn its properties and how to use them, whether it requires attunement and how many charges it has, if any. You learn whether any ongoing spells are affecting the item and what they are. If the item was created by a spell, you learn that spell's name.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, cool. Give me… okay, now you're gonna have to give me a second to go figure this out. Okay, good.
Joe Beda: Daryl have an identify spell, because, you know, that dude owes us.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, I… no, I'm not…
Joe Beda: You just said, DM, that there's one somewhere in the keep, so, you know, I'm just saying.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well, I mean, Daz just cast ones. Daz just cast one.
Joe Beda: I'm sorry, I'm having too much fun torturing this guy.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you should totally have fun torturing Gal. He is not a nice person.
Kostadis Roussos: And he's very complicated. He gave somebody a book that he wanted the person to enjoy, and then was pissed off that the person was enjoying his book.
Joe Beda: Like, what even were you doing here, dude?
Kostadis Roussos: Like, you know, and then punched him in the face. I mean, like, this guy's got, like, anger issues, he's got logic issues…
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, let me just see…
Kostadis Roussos: So, let's just say I will find out. Does it change what you want to do next, Gabe? Let me just ask that question.
Gabe: Baby.
Gabe: If it's affected by that summon spell, that implies we could potentially try to trace that back to whoever casts that.
Kostadis Roussos: But…
Gabe: That's a whole line of inquiry that depends on whether it's affected by the spell.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me just see… okay, now I have to know… I do not know if it was.
Kostadis Roussos: Here it is.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Let me see, I think I can find it, instant.
Kostadis Roussos: Summoned spell.
Kostadis Roussos: Pencing something sole.
Kostadis Roussos: That's fun.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, no, not this, this key is not linked.
Kostadis Roussos: To that spell.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, that's an important point.
Kostadis Roussos: So it's important… so yeah, so it's important to realize is, if I just read the spell, I think, a little bit more carefully, the sapphire is what you need to possess to get the thing back.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So somebody is sued.
Gabe: Did I need it both times to cast it and then to get it back?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Aye.
Joe Beda: So is this key under that spell?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it is… no, no, it is not.
Joe Beda: But the sapphire was stolen.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but remember, yep.
Gabe: Is that it was cast on the other key.
Joe Beda: Right, well, what I'm saying here is that the sapphire… it might have been stolen… can somebody actually…
Daz: sort of start to spell.
Joe Beda: Can we have another one actually retrieve it? Does it have to be the same person that actually does both?
Kostadis Roussos: Must be the same sapphire.
Joe Beda: Okay, so having the sapphire is as good as having the item.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Assuming that you have the magic.
Joe Beda: Okay, so it could be that the sapphire was some sort of proxy for some magic item, that if you knew the right, you know, incantation, you could actually use the sapphire to retrieve the item.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, a key.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, Daz, you're, you're a member of the Menzo Bronson community, even though you've forgotten everything. Roll in Insight Check, or Insight Chuck.
Daz: My insight check.
Daz: And by the way, my… yeah, passive insight's only 12, I guess, but I only got a 9.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You, the player, can figure this out, but you, the character, did not.
Gabe: Well, he's in frickin' Candlekeep, won't someone help him? Like, you know, just talk…
Daz: Oh, no.
Kostadis Roussos: No, talk…
Gabe: I'm in the…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, everybody's at the conference, so it has to be one of the two of you. So, Zaltir Glabagul says, I… I will help you.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, an eye protrudes. Do eyes protrude?
Daz: I got a 5.
Kostadis Roussos: What's up?
Daz: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Glavigal's… Glavigal's eyes retreat dolefully into… into the ooze.
Daz: It's too bad I couldn't use, investigation.
Daz: advantage.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Unfortunately, not this time. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay. So…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so the next thing… so the couple things that pop into your head. One is, you have a whole hour where you could go look in people's rooms.
Kostadis Roussos: You could go to the kitchen, Southern Dinning Hall and Kitchens.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? We're the… we're potentially, where the meeting was held.
Kostadis Roussos: The last time they were all seen alive was held.
Daz: I mean, I think…
Kostadis Roussos: There's some waitstaff there.
Kostadis Roussos: There are other places you could go. What would you like to do? You could go try to see if you could go find out about the poison itself.
Kostadis Roussos: One thing you could ask is, how did he give the book? So one of the things I don't think I clarified is the way he gave the book.
Kostadis Roussos: was he gave it as a gift. He didn't hand-give it.
Gabe: Yeah, wasn't it wrapped or something?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he says, I gave it to them, and it was put under the tree, under the celebratory tree, in the kitchen, in the Southern Dinning Hall, where we had dinner.
Daz: Do we know who put it under the tree?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, I think I did. I was drunk at the time, but maybe somebody will remember there, maybe one of the waitstaff will remember.
Daz: Where did you get it if you put it under the tree?
Kostadis Roussos: What did I… no, this was from my private… the book was from my private collection, Daz.
Daz: So, you wrapped it?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I believe I did.
Daz: What do you mean you believe you did? You either did or you didn't.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, I would… oh, well, let me just check.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just go check.
Joe Beda: So what I'm saying is that the timeline of the book seems to be a very important thing at this point.
Daz: Because, like, whoever tampered with the… either somebody went into his house, tampered with it, knowing he was gonna give it to them, somebody unwrapped it, tampered with it, and then wrapped it back up.
Daz: Or, the dude we're talking to is the killer.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so he said, I dropped it off under the tree.
Kostadis Roussos: and found it, I dropped it off at 11 o'clock.
Kostadis Roussos: On… to… under the evergreen tree, next to the other gifts around 11am on Dead Winter's Eve, before rushing up to the keeper's Tower for my end-of-year meeting with the keeper.
Daz: When you put it to him and pulled it out from underneath the tree, did it look like it had been tampered with at all?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I didn't give it to him at that point in time. This is very important. The key was pick… the book, rather. The book was picked up.
Kostadis Roussos: by the, the, by Janusi at the dinner.
Kostadis Roussos: And at the time, it was wrapped.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he pauses. Do you think it's possible?
Kostadis Roussos: That someone tampered with a book?
Daz: I mean, someone tampered with it, or you killed them.
Kostadis Roussos: What I… I… Are you accusing me!
Kostadis Roussos: I'm…
Daz: Just stating logical…
Kostadis Roussos: Choices?
Kostadis Roussos: I understand, but I think we should go… so now he's very committed to clearing his name, because he's convinced that he's not going to get saved if he doesn't clear his name. So now he really wants to go… to go see whether there's anybody who saw anything about the gift.
Kostadis Roussos: So, just to make sure you got the timeline. The gift was placed under the tree at 11, he goes up to the Janusi's office, comes back down, dinner happens. During dinner, at dinner time, after everybody's eaten, gifts are handed out. One of those gifts is that book.
Gabe: And just to double check, maybe I missed this, are there, like, name tags on the gifts or something?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, they're names. There's, like, very explicit names.
Gabe: So anyone wandering by would have known this is a gift for generosity, or whatever is.
Kostadis Roussos: Genusi, Genusi is, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gabe: And there was no, like, magical seal on the wrapping. It was…
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, why would I put a magical seal on the wrapping? It's a gift! Nobody…
Gabe: This is Candle Keeper, I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, but did you say that is an excellent best practice going forward?
Gabe: Literally.
Kostadis Roussos: If I make it through the night, hint, hint, I will be sure to tell everyone that we must practice that… Glyphs of Warning for everyone!
Gabe: There you go.
Joe Beda: Alright, so it looks like we get a freebie hour.
Kostadis Roussos: So yeah, so you can either all go… so he wants to go check out the dinner, because that's where the most likely poison swap happened.
Gabe: Good dining.
Joe Beda: Daryl, we tell Daryl.
Kostadis Roussos: Dad.
Joe Beda: Don't go anywhere, we'll be… we'll be back later.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, he wants to go with you. Sorry, he wants you guys to go.
Joe Beda: No, Daryl.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, so Daryl would like one of Daz or Thorin to go with him to the dining area. Daryl's convinced that if he's not next to Daz or Thorin, he's going to be killed within a few seconds.
Joe Beda: blah, blah.
Gabe: As in, I won't go anywhere!
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, what's up, Joe? I'm sorry, I must have confused you.
Joe Beda: Well, our minder dude was gonna take off and go to the lecture.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he's gone. He's gone.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so he's gone. So now that he's gone, you have two choices, two obvious choices. One is you could go look in some of the bedrooms of some of the avowed.
Kostadis Roussos: And see if you find anything.
Kostadis Roussos: Any of your suspects?
Joe Beda: Yeah, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: any of your suspects. The other is, you could go check out what was going on in the dining hall and see if anybody saw anything.
Gabe: Who has the book right now?
Kostadis Roussos: Daz and Thorin.
Daz: Yeah.
Joe Beda: As soon as we told the guy, he, like, threw it down and we grabbed it or something, like.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah. Yep.
Gabe: Does LocateObject work on substances?
Kostadis Roussos: No, not, not really.
Joe Beda: Alright, so I'm a little confused here.
Joe Beda: Let's rewind a little bit.
Joe Beda: Some locket from around the dude's neck was taken.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: We assume that inside that locket was the key.
Joe Beda: Also, from the safe, a sapphire was taken.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: And we're proposing that the sapphire is actually used to sort of be able to retrieve the key.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, which would be something that Janusi would want to do if somebody tried to steal his key.
Joe Beda: Oh, I see. So, the… Sapphire was a backup in case the key was stolen.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you know, tiles before tiles?
Joe Beda: Oh, yeah, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Find my… AirTag, find my watch. AirTags before AirTags.
Joe Beda: I mean, if we go and search people's rooms, what are we looking for? The key or the sapphire would each be good enough to…
Kostadis Roussos: Or… Yo?
Gabe: I mean, in that case, the sapphire. The key… if we found the key, that would be extra weird.
Joe Beda: So, what are we, what are we thinking, Gabe, happened?
Joe Beda: What's your theory of the case?
Gabe: Well, so far the only thing we… we believe we know is that should we find someone holding a sapphire that has… that is affected by this spell, it is…
Gabe: It's entirely probable that they are the ones who hid the key somewhere, and if crushed, the sapphire would summon the key. So finding a sapphire would be useful, or finding some trace of the poison would be useful. I wouldn't expect to find the key, they probably hid the key somewhere very hard to find.
Joe Beda: So you're thinking that they're holding onto the sapphire under the idea that the sapphire is less conspicuous than holding onto the key?
Kostadis Roussos: And don't forget the other.
Joe Beda: You have to know to look for the sapphire.
Kostadis Roussos: Don't forget, you also have the theory that they may not be the same person who sold the sapphire on the key.
Joe Beda: If somebody stole the sapphire, somebody stole the key, we find the person with the sapphire, that doesn't mean that they're the ones that, like, stole the key or necessarily killed them.
Gabe: Yeah, there may be multiple parties involved. That we don't know.
Joe Beda: And our priority is to find the killer, not who stole the key. Nobody asked us to find the person who stole the key.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, that is not a priority.
Gabe: Although they might come kill Daz for the key, but, you know, that's a different issue.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Daz didn't even go meet!
Kostadis Roussos: Let them come. Come and get it. Molon la ver.
Joe Beda: Alright, so if we searched everybody's room, what are we looking for? What would proof of…
Joe Beda: the poisoning bee. Some sort of leftover poison, that would actually probably be good proof, good evidence.
Daz: You should look for, like, black dots or black splashes or whatever, because, like, that poison turned really dark.
Joe Beda: Why did it turn dark, but it's not dark on the book? Do we know enough about the poison to figure out, sort of, like, why…
Kostadis Roussos: Because it turns black after you die.
Daz: Oh…
Joe Beda: Where, who dies?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, the poisoned person. There we go.
Daz: poisoned by it.
Joe Beda: Right, right, but, like, it was…
Daz: He's tongue, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so when the poison gets triggered, That's when you die.
Joe Beda: Okay, so why wasn't the book all black based on the poison? Because it was…
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, don't, like, just, yeah, because.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gabe: That's important, though. So, whether we have to retcon or not, we should assume that any remaining residue of the poison would be black, even if it wasn't on the body, is that right?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, you should not. So the poison only… so if it's just… if it only… okay, very fair. It only gets activated…
Joe Beda: When I mixed with his saliva, it turned black, okay?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, exactly. So once it touches it, the magic…
Joe Beda: I'm going, I'm helping, I'm helping our DM out here.
Kostadis Roussos: Thank you, thank you, thank you. Yeah, thank you. So, I was gonna say that, yeah, so the poison only gets activated when someone actually… some living creature touches it. By living creature, I mean humanoid.
Gabe: Meaning, if we found it now, it would be in its natural state, not black.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, which is why, for example, what's his name was… Wiping it all over himself.
Gabe: Right, but to Mike's point, in terms of what we're looking for, it wouldn't be black spots, it'd be some… I don't know what it looks like.
Daz: It would be maybe clear, like…
Joe Beda: A file of some sort of clear.
Kostadis Roussos: It would be in a vial, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: The other thing you might find in there is, motives.
Joe Beda: Well, I mean, everybody hated everybody, it's academia.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that's true. But is it enough to kill them?
Joe Beda: You know what they say.
Joe Beda: Fights are so vicious because the stakes are so low.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know, I know.
Joe Beda: So… I mean, I don't know, I mean, we already have a bunch of motives, right? That, like, and you can take any motive, and if somebody's sort of focused on it enough, it's enough to kill, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Joe Beda: being passed over for a promotion. I mean, I wouldn't kill anybody over that, but, you know, in this world, maybe.
Kostadis Roussos: bum…
Gabe: Did what the Genosi, or whatever, the dead guy, did he eat at the feast? Eat and drink?
Kostadis Roussos: You'd have to… you'd have to go talk to the people there.
Gabe: Wasn't this guy here? The…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, Daryl says, yes, of course he ate.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody… it was supposed to be a wonderful festival! It was a… it was a party! We'd all just gotten our end-of-year information?
Gabe: Do you guys have poison testers or something for your food?
Kostadis Roussos: No! Well, why would we need… well, excellent. That's a good best practice to be adopted going forward.
Kostadis Roussos: As well as luster restoration pre-prepared by the clerics.
Gabe: Yeah. So, okay, fine, best practices aside, what I'm trying to say is, like, why bother with the book? It's so roundabout. Like, he's just eating stuff at a feast, could have put the poison in his food.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know!
Kostadis Roussos: Do you… are you trying to ask me why someone would go to such roundabout lengths? Maybe they wanted me to be blamed.
Gabe: Yeah, maybe, they're trying to frame you.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes?
Kostadis Roussos: And then killed me! Well, that's your fault, but…
Gabe: Prior to that.
Kostadis Roussos: True! True, perhaps somebody wanted to frame me.
Gabe: Who would want to frame you AND kill… whatever the guy is?
Kostadis Roussos: Janusi?
Gabe: dinner suggestions.
Kostadis Roussos: S.
Kostadis Roussos: What's that noise? Is that on your end?
Kostadis Roussos: It's my wife, that's the shower.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just check…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, he did give you his whole theories yesterday, but let me just repeat them just in case there's.
Gabe: Oh, did we cover who would frame him?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes… half the… he blamed everyone. He said half the great readers would do anything to get their greasy hands on the top job. He thinks Teles, Ally, Ivanmore, Feminoor.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you're.
Gabe: I got all that. It's who would want to kill ye, or frame, and in turn get you out of the picture as well.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, I, I, he goes, he would go.
Kostadis Roussos: Ivanor. That's who would try to kill me.
Kostadis Roussos: Ally fits my… my ally would be the person who tried to kill me. He was about to get dismissed. I'm sorry, let me just make sure I get this right.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, that's who he would think is the most likely person to frame him.
Kostadis Roussos: He wants to rule the… he wants to rule this place. He wants to be master of the keep.
Kostadis Roussos: And he sees me as a potential threat.
Kostadis Roussos: He sees my love of poetry, my love of fiction as a threat to his approach to the universe. No, no, yes, I know you might think I'm overthinking it, but I do believe that as long as I was here, Ally would never be able to become my keeper, first keeper.
Kostadis Roussos: And so framing me makes perfect sense.
Kostadis Roussos: You're getting he's a bit of a drama queen.
Daz: Just to get rid of the competition.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, he goes, someone would have to be blamed, and who but I would be the perfect foil? I, who had these objections with Genusi over my books and my literature, what a brilliant ploy to poison a book that I gave him, and thus point the finger directly at me.
Kostadis Roussos: It would clear the deck of Janusi, the person who held the chair, and, well…
Kostadis Roussos: clear the wood of me, and I… no one would be in the council able to prevent his ascension to the first throne.
Joe Beda: Wait, who's he pointing the finger at?
Kostadis Roussos: L.A. Ivan Moore. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, we have been at it for 40 minutes. Let's make some decisions. Do you want to go investigate the kitchen, or… and the rooms? Do you want to split up? What would you like to do?
Gabe: I mean, it seems like at least one of us should check out the Apothecary and learn more about the poison.
Joe Beda: Right, but we only have an hour without the minder.
Kostadis Roussos: No, but that's fine. All of these things can be done in the block of time. So, the Apothecary, the one thing you did here is the Apothecarist has a…
Kostadis Roussos: Pet Squirrel.
Kostadis Roussos: So if someone were able to speak to animals, they might be able to get something from them.
Gabe: One of us.
Joe Beda: And that would have been great last campaign.
Kostadis Roussos: Greg, it turns out Daz has the ability to speak with animals. That was Daz.
Daz: I do.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Daz: Do indeed.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so that would be one. The other one is the kitchen and the areas. That would have to be Thorin if you want Daryl to go with you.
Joe Beda: Alright, so what are we looking for in the kitchen again?
Kostadis Roussos: Just, perhaps there's anybody who saw anything related to the poisoning book.
Joe Beda: Okay, so we'll go and we'll interview people around the kitchen to see if they saw anybody messing with the book.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: Or the package or anything, and then Gabe, you'll go and search everybody's room.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you know, the shadow monk, shadow-stepping around.
Joe Beda: I'm just saying, I'm not very stealthy.
Gabe: Of the group, I am the stealthiest, which is a low bar, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Glabogul, Glabogul goes, I have learned silence.
Gabe: You and me both, my friend.
Kostadis Roussos: And then he goes, am I being silent enough? Was this good silence, or was it too loud silence?
Joe Beda: Please rear my silence.
Kostadis Roussos: For comparison.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let's go with, okay, let's go with, as always, all of you can participate, the only thing that happens is Thorin doesn't get the benefit of your die rolls or ability scores, alright?
Gabe: Before we split up.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. I'm gonna…
Gabe: try, I doubt this is gonna work, but can Glabapagool try to grow a nose and get a good smell of the poison?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Daz: Maybe he'll find.
Kostadis Roussos: That would be interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, yes. Alright. So, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you arrive into the kitchen area. Let me skip the kitchen area.
Kostadis Roussos: Or rather, the Southern Downing Hall. The Southern Dining Hall.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Long tables cleared from breakfast, not yet reset. There's a mill, statue in the alcove, there's the God of Bards, open hands, brass chalice. There's two waiters stacking linen. They recognize Daryl, one of them is polite and says hello, the other one rolls his eyes and says hello.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so…
Joe Beda: popular dude.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So let me just see something…
Kostadis Roussos: There is, let me see… So Daryl suddenly… so Daryl…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So, he freezes at the front… as he walks in, he looks… just after the waiter sees him, he's had to all smile, and suddenly he notices something.
Kostadis Roussos: He notices… But jealous.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at the chalice and goes, oh my goodness!
Kostadis Roussos: We used it for the Midsummer Wine!
Kostadis Roussos: Th-th-there might be something important in it!
Joe Beda: To what chalice is this?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, Look, the lead chalice wine is very important because it prevents divination. Perhaps somebody hid something in it.
Kostadis Roussos: How could I have not thought about this?
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, wait, wait, I wanna understand.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so this is a dining hall.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: I imagine everybody has their own chalice.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, but he says he's pointing at a statue of Matt Millo, which is a god.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And… there's a… and there's a statue of him.
Joe Beda: Statue, a chalice, because why the hell not, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and…
Joe Beda: Trust statues, they come alive.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and he suddenly remembers that the Milas' chassis Chalice is leadlined.
Joe Beda: Okay, so the chalice that the god has… the god statue has is lead-lined?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: Like, located…
Joe Beda: Is it the statue, or is it something that the statue's holding that you could, like, remove?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's sort of… it's something you could drop something in if you wanted by, it's not… it's not removable, per se.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, actually, no, it isn't removable, but it is removable, because they were using it to drink the midsummer wine.
Joe Beda: Okay, so everybody… you have a party, things get a little out of hand, somebody puts a lamp shape on their head, somebody steals the chalice from the god that's leadlined, because that's a good idea, and then, you know, it's part of the whole sort of revelries. Is that what I'm hearing?
Kostadis Roussos: Y-yes.
Gabe: Leadland is significant, because wouldn't that block locate object?
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly.
Joe Beda: Right, so we're gonna go and we're gonna look in the chalice and find the key?
Kostadis Roussos: That's… that… that would be a working hypothesis. Daryl says, Yes, that's where it must be! He's about to rush to it and says, But I am but a scholar!
Joe Beda: I don't want him to do, like, a sleight-of-hand type of thing, so I said, hey, back off, dude.
Kostadis Roussos: He's actually very happy that you're doing it, because he's worried there might be a glyph of warding or some kind of exploding thing, so he's like…
Joe Beda: And I turn to him, I say, like, look, if something bad happens to me, like, you know, I'm not sure that,
Joe Beda: Dawnbringer's gonna take care of you, just be aware.
Kostadis Roussos: He has that look of terror on his face. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You open… so, do you, do you, you go to the altar, and you, you hold, you take the chalice, and you look inside it.
Joe Beda: You're in the chalice, because I assume that, like, you know, photons are, like, you're not blocked or anything, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, exactly. And you find a heart, a heart, and a blood-stained meat cleaver.
Joe Beda: Wait, wait, a heart?
Gabe: Oh, we were looking for that, his heart.
Joe Beda: Like, his heart.
Daz: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Janusi's heart.
Daz: Because they stole his heart, because they didn't want anybody to be able to resurrect him and ask him what happened.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Right.
Joe Beda: I left it in San Francisco.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: Everyone does.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yeah, so…
Joe Beda: Especially, can we reunite the heart with the body and actually do a whole sort of, like.
Joe Beda: Hey, let's chat type of thing.
Kostadis Roussos: You can try it later, speak with Dead. You could try that later. Okay.
Gabe: Are fingerprints a thing in D&D?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Gabe: Fingerprints.
Kostadis Roussos: You, fingerprints. For sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Sure. But they're also… but also, you know what, you know what also is in D&D? Polymorph?
Gabe: Granted.
Kostadis Roussos: I just want to make sure we're on the same page.
Joe Beda: Polymorph, how do you prove anything about anything, anytime? Like, this whole thing is just, like, at some point, you're like…
Kostadis Roussos: You gotta think, like…
Joe Beda: In a world where you had Polymorph.
Joe Beda: There would be new ways of actually tracking down killers, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, now you have now… expect a document next week. God damn it.
Joe Beda: I like spending Custardas.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, this is like… I enjoy doing this in a way that you can't possibly imagine. Alright.
Joe Beda: But you hear what I'm saying, I'm like, I'm like, it's one of these, like, okay, like, there would be a lot different about the world if, you know, there'd be some sort of, like… did you ever…
Kostadis Roussos: See, alright, so on that, on that, because you said, Joe, because Thorin said that, Thorin, as Thorin is going on and on and on about this, right? Talking about, like, how exactly do you track people in a world full of these things?
Kostadis Roussos: He stumbles on the following insight.
Kostadis Roussos: Which is that someone planned this murder around Capital Keep's own spell collection.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you… hey, do you want anything from Pacific Catch, or are you good with your salad?
Kostadis Roussos: With salad? Yes. Okay. So, think about it. Whoever planned this knew that there was a chalice that was lead-lined.
Kostadis Roussos: So it couldn't be just some random person.
Joe Beda: Yeah, but, like, everybody who was at that dinner…
Joe Beda: Handled the chalice, as far as we know.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yes, but somebody handled it later in the evening, so maybe you can go see if somebody else.
Joe Beda: Wait, what are you getting at here?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, this is further confirmation that this is an inside job.
Joe Beda: Oh yeah, it's somebody, it's somebody who, like, knew the ins and outs of the, of the keep, for sure.
Gabe: It also gives you another means of maybe finding who did this, in that if someone saw someone messing with a chalice after… whatever.
Joe Beda: So, like, we still haven't interviewed all the people around there, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you could go talk to the waiters.
Joe Beda: Did you ever see the… did you ever read or see The Peripheral, the TV show, the William Gibson, based on the book? Did you see this?
Kostadis Roussos: Not denied.
Joe Beda: character there, which are these, like, super-duper future, you know, detectives that have extra skills, and, like, it's almost like magic, and this is what I'm imagining, that you would have detectives that are magical. I want to see, like, a…
Joe Beda: Next time we play, I want my class to be Sherlock Holmes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, sounds good.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so there, there are… so as they see you guys sort of walking around, you notice three…
Kostadis Roussos: Of the, two waiters.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. Three waiters. And so they're kind of, like, looking at you, sort of. One… one is,
Kostadis Roussos: She could, she's, she's, like, she look… there's, like, there's,
Kostadis Roussos: They're kind of looking at you, kind of wondering if you're going to ask them anything.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Joe Beda: So, we go start interviewing them. Where were you on the night of, and all that.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so the first one is, her name is… is irony.
Joe Beda: Are you being ironic?
Kostadis Roussos: No!
Kostadis Roussos: But I, you know, I really hate it when people make that joke, oh, I'm so sorry, this compulsive need to always tell the truth.
Joe Beda: Well, I appreciate that. I am investigating a crime, so somebody who always tells the truth is definitely a very useful thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me get your.
Joe Beda: Hatred always lies.
Kostadis Roussos: No, Sprigg doesn't… Sprig doesn't always lie.
Joe Beda: Regardless, that was another joke, I apologize.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, that's fine, that's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: But, but, you know, Okay, so she goes…
Kostadis Roussos: Right? She goes, the dead… she then explains, well, at least I can tell you what happened at dinner. Like, the dead winter supper began at the 5PM bell. She's, like, really relieved that she's finally telling everybody something, right? She goes.
Kostadis Roussos: The food consisted of 12 plates, beetroot soup, fried carp, smoked mackerel, etc, etc, etc. It was served with a wide range of drinks, fruit, compots, spiced wines and ales, honey, vodka, green tea. The supper was served by three junior members of the Avowed. That would be me, Oren, and Sprigg.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you… She, she points in the back room.
Joe Beda: Okay, so, okay, so we can interview Oren and see if Oren.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, all the food was brought out on a large platters, and placed on the dining hall to be able to be passed around and shared, while drinks were poured from large carafts.
Kostadis Roussos: Every… everybody was in a great… was in a tense and tacit-turned mood, except Alcist. Alcist was an exception.
Kostadis Roussos: He was cheerfully expounding on a new project he intended to undertake, Tales of War by the Generals That Wage Them, in which he planned to compile a first-hand insight and strategies from warlords and military commanders around the world.
Daz: Do we think… At one point, was there anybody going on about something that it was unlikely would ever be allowed to be done or be funded by the research group?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, well…
Daz: That's a great point. Under the current administration?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I don't know, she goes, I don't know about the current administration, but apparently TELUS scoffed that the project sounded as likely to succeed as Feminor's Schitz program.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know what they meant.
Kostadis Roussos: It sounded like they were making… right. But, but Genesis…
Joe Beda: I think was it… who was in a good mood again? It was…
Kostadis Roussos: Alcrest.
Joe Beda: I, okay, I don't see… oh…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, he's one of the keepers. You haven't met him yet.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? He was, and he was a dragonborn.
Joe Beda: I'm just saying, he's not on our suspect list, I don't think, but okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, he's not on your suspect. Like, Janusi, meanwhile, took the opportunity to praise Alcrist's proposed direction as the kind of knowledge that could benefit civilization, and reminded those gathered that determining which branches of knowledge to further is our privileged responsibility.
Kostadis Roussos: Although, I'll have to say, when the keeper asked for everyone to get… show more solidarity, Daryl muttered under his breath, Oh, you've been right behind one of us all night.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, Silvara stormed out of the Southern Dining Hall, and… At that point in time.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that was it. And then, after that, Katherine suggested it was time to hand out the gifts under the evergreen tree, and took it upon herself to take each gift and give it to the corresponding great reader.
Kostadis Roussos: Janusi took his gift unwrapped, offered thanks to his secret donor, and then excused himself, throwing away the wrapping paper in a wicker basket near the door as he left the southern dining hall.
Joe Beda: Oh, so this was a Secret Santa type of thing, situation.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, some of the other diners stayed a little longer to enjoy a last drink and chat between themselves, but most made their excuses and left.
Kostadis Roussos: Apparently, we were about to throw out the dirty plates, but Bookworm told us to take any leftovers to our dorms and enjoy the rest of the night, rather than curling up every last crumb and piece of detritust.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Joe Beda: Was anybody sick from eating the leftovers?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, nobody was sick. I mean, drinking too much, but not sick.
Joe Beda: The, the wrapping paper, is it still around?
Kostadis Roussos: I think so?
Kostadis Roussos: Said…
Joe Beda: It'd be something worth looking at. I would handle it very carefully, because we don't know how the poison would spread.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gabe: Sorry, Christus, maybe I'm just losing my mind, it's been too long. I thought we had found the wrapping paper in his office.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, that was a mistake on my part. You did find it in the office, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, that was my… yep, my mistake.
Gabe: So then, where… canonically, where is the wrapping paper?
Kostadis Roussos: It's in his office.
Gabe: Okay, it wasn't here, got it.
Daz: Okay. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, sorry. My bad.
Joe Beda: I mean, we didn't know at that point to look at the…
Daz: Wrapping paper.
Gabe: Yeah, it's probably still there.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: So, she goes, although, if you're really concerned about the food, you should go talk to Sprig.
Kostadis Roussos: That… because apparently… she should go talk to Sprigg. I mean, she tasted all of the food.
Joe Beda: Like, is that part of her job, or is she just, like, tasting the food?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yes, we have a poison taster!
Joe Beda: Is she the poison taster?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yes!
Kostadis Roussos: I didn't realize that was her role. Okay, good to know.
Gabe: Right. Maybe while you're talking to her, you can find out if she has any friends in the administration who would want to make sure she doesn't die?
Gabe: Like, if the goal was to kill the guy whose name I can't pronounce, if that was the plan, then killing the poison tester along the way, who cares? She'd die at midnight, no one would know anyway, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, fair, fair, fair, that… yep, fair.
Joe Beda: Yeah, but it sounds like all the food and drink was pretty shared, so it would have been hard to be targeted in the delivery unless one of the servers was in on it.
Gabe: Well, was it? Like, he wasn't… he didn't have his own plate, there was nothing particular he was eating and drinking?
Joe Beda: I mean, as far as we know, it was the book, right? We don't know for sure, but Alpine's point to the book.
Gabe: No, no, agreed, agreed. It was, but my point is more, there were many ways to kill him. They could have targeted the food or drank. They chose not to.
Gabe: One potential reason they chose not to is if they wanted to avoid killing the poison tester. I don't know. But if she had friends in the administrative circle, that might suggest someone to look at.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, she's, she's… Was anybody particularly friendly to Sprigg?
Kostadis Roussos: Irony rolls their eyes. I don't know, but these avowed, sometimes they're, like, they're a little bit too interested in the junior avowed.
Joe Beda: Wink, wink, nudge, nudge, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know, you might want to talk to her, I don't think I should talk about that.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Gabe: Might be a lead, maybe.
Daz: Maybe.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Wanna go talk to Sprigg?
Joe Beda: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Sprig is… I'm still trying to figure out…
Joe Beda: like, how the book got tampered with, right? Like, we don't have any evidence
Joe Beda: that the… I mean, somebody could have unwrapped it and rewrapped it. I'm just thinking through this real quick as we… before we talk this break, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, exactly.
Gabe: And so, like, whether anyone saw it even near the book would be interesting.
Joe Beda: Yeah, so ask her before I would talk to Sprig whether, you know, they'd seen anybody messing with the…
Kostadis Roussos: With the gifts under the, under the…
Joe Beda: non-Christmas Christmas Christmas tree.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, alright, so you're gonna ask him about the Christmas tree, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes… By the way, I imagine that…
Joe Beda: in this type of group, all the gifts were books, right? I mean, like, it was just a pile.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. Yeah. Or wands, or magical artifacts. Okay, so she gushes in great detail about the 12 delicious dishes carved out during the feast, praising the work of the candle keep chefs. And she mentions that she enthusiastically volunteered to be a taster of each of the dishes to ensure they weren't poisoned.
Kostadis Roussos: The chefs…
Joe Beda: Tester, you eat well.
Kostadis Roussos: And she goes, the chefs didn't think this was necessary, but I insisted.
Kostadis Roussos: Daryl explains. And that needs to be a best practice going forward.
Kostadis Roussos: That is the kind of initiative that I think should be commended.
Joe Beda: I mean, ask, are you…
Joe Beda: Concern at all with the fact that you were the poison taster, and it turns out that the, somebody was poisoned during that meal?
Kostadis Roussos: They don't know that she was poisoned, you guys know.
Joe Beda: Okay, so yeah, so, okay, we don't want to tip our hand here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I just want to make sure. Although, she does say, later that night, when I left my dorm to go to the kitchens to grab some cookies, I ran into Silvira Savika, searching for something by candlelight.
Daz: What was she searching for? Did she tell you?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I said hello to the great reader, but the tiefling only pointed at her throat by way of reply, suggesting she was too hoarse to speak. I helped her find a pot of honey and bade her goodnight.
Gabe: Joe, can you clarify what time that was?
Kostadis Roussos: 1AM.
Gabe: Oh, Astro.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So this is a question of, like, whether…
Joe Beda: That was actually her, somebody wearing her face, right? Because they didn't talk.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. This is the second person who's provided evidence that she's not.
Kostadis Roussos: She didn't talk.
Joe Beda: Very suspicious that, like, she wouldn't talk, and, like, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: And she was using a lantern, even though she's a tiefling.
Gabe: And she's looking for something.
Joe Beda: And then maybe the whole honey thing was just an excuse because she was discovered, right?
Gabe: Looking… By looking, we mean maybe dropping off the heart and the knife.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, for example.
Joe Beda: Alright, so somebody wearing… Sylvira's one, face would be in the… is there somebody a changeling?
Kostadis Roussos: No, nobody's a changeling.
Joe Beda: That we know about, okay. But it could have been some sort of…
Kostadis Roussos: polymorph type of… Right. Right. And given that they weren't talking like her, probably wasn't a very powerful polymorph spell.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Joe Beda: So that means that it's probably not her, it's probably not Daryl, because, like, he poisoned himself.
Joe Beda: Unless he's really a conniving motherfucker.
Kostadis Roussos: Likes to live dangerously.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll an inside check.
Joe Beda: Who me?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. War.
Joe Beda: I wouldn't hold your breath here, but we'll see.
Joe Beda: Is that good enough, or should I augment?
Daz: Guy, I can help them.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you can't, unfortunately. Not right now, unfortunately. What did you roll?
Joe Beda: I rolled a 12, but.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he… Daryl is so not the conniving type?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: He's, like, scared shitless that he's gonna die. He's, like, looking at Donbringer, kind of like… basically, he's… if there was some way he could kiss Donbringer's feet right now, he would kiss Don Bringer's feet.
Joe Beda: I mean, Don Bringer does want another,
Joe Beda: Weren't we gonna get some therapy out of this?
Kostadis Roussos: There will be a therapy session, don't worry. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, as you're, as you're, as you guys are talking, Oren Glass marches up, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Is the, is the third waiter, right?
Joe Beda: Yeah, okay, yeah, yeah. Here's the back.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: And, he's completely deaf in one ear, and, you know, a bit of a…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I would guess, you know, oddballs.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes… So… Do you want to… you want to ask him any questions?
Joe Beda: Well, I was gonna ask her about her love life, because apparently Gabe's really interested.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. About irony's love life?
Gabe: That is a weird phrasing, Joe.
Joe Beda: No, no, no, we were wondering the poison taster.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not spring.
Joe Beda: Because Gabe was like, is anybody really looking after Sprig? Because, like, why didn't, like, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: No, Oren laughs very hard.
Joe Beda: Well, I was gonna ask Sprigg this, but okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, oh, Sprigg says, no, I, no one's been making any… oh, you asked Sprigg, I'm sorry, I thought you were asking Oren.
Joe Beda: Any special relationship with any.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, she goes, oh, no, who… that is irony. No, no, no, no, no, it's iron… it's, it's irony who's been trying to…
Kostadis Roussos: Thwart the advances of one of the great readers.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Joe Beda: You tell.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, it's not for me to say, but since she threw me under the bus…
Joe Beda: You know, we are… it's a murder investigation, cut her some slack.
Kostadis Roussos: But that's… did this have anything to do with the murder? Maybe it did. Maybe that was the whole cause of the murder. Maybe…
Kostadis Roussos: And so she tells you that apparently Teles Avoste, one of the other great readers, has been making passes at her.
Joe Beda: at irony.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and…
Kostadis Roussos: He might… she might want to… and Sprigg says he might want to talk to Oren, who doesn't… notices everything, even if he hears nothing, may have seen something that happened between the two of them.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Joe Beda: So, thank you, thank you for your help in this matter.
Gabe: Isn't it fair that anyone said you can't lie?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but you didn't ask her about… yeah, she… but you didn't ask her about her relationships.
Gabe: Well, but she pointed us at Sprigg, right? When we asked about…
Joe Beda: Direction, that's not lying.
Kostadis Roussos: Just like a restaurant.
Joe Beda: They're gonna charge fees, they're gonna charge…
Kostadis Roussos: It was, like, They're not gonna…
Joe Beda: It was fucking hilarious.
Kostadis Roussos: Anyway, no, no, no, no. Okay. So, she didn't lie, she, she said, you might want to ask Sprig about it.
Gabe: Mmm.
Kostadis Roussos: And can't lie is one of those kind of ambiguous things. Can't lie well.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. And, you know, the GM sometimes screws up. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… so you want to go back to… to irony, or go talk to Oren?
Joe Beda: I mean, let's go talk to Oren, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so Oren's a bit of an ob-ball, so you can ask him about what he saw as well.
Joe Beda: Yeah, I mean, I mean, let's start with, like, what does he see? Did he see anybody messing with the, gifts under the tree, et cetera, et cetera. What does he recall about the night?
Kostadis Roussos: So, and Abdu… okay, so you ask him about all these things, and he does make, like, one interesting comment about Alcrest.
Kostadis Roussos: That he seemed to drop a small scrap of paper that he had been holding towards the candle upon seeing two junior members of the about arrived.
Joe Beda: I'm trying to, like, I'm looking at the document here, because this is my guide, because there's so many fucking names.
Joe Beda: All Chris doesn't show up in the dock, I don't think.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, you guys, because he hasn't shown… the only time you met him was at the very early, when you had the Great Worm, where the… he was a dragonborn, at the meeting, the bookkeeper's meeting, in the chapter house.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So we… But you haven't… he hasn't… he hasn't showed up now until… this is the first time he showed up as a threat in this… in this murder investigation.
Joe Beda: Okay, so maybe he's a suspect then also.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And he does also mention… he also mentions…
Joe Beda: We're getting more suspects instead of fewer, just to be clear.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right. And if asked about anything else, he also noticed, out of the ordinary, that the string tied around Janusi's dead winter gift had clearly been cut and retried.
Daz: Oh, okay.
Joe Beda: So…
Kostadis Roussos: Whatever happened… whatever happened, happened here.
Daz: Happened under the tree, or from tampering with stuff under the tree.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, we'll stop here and go to Daz. Daz, you are going… you, head off to the apothecary.
Kostadis Roussos: The Tree Apothecary is a wooden tree house constructed in the burrows of a huge evergreen oak tree located in the west of the Great Library.
Kostadis Roussos: The main section of the treehouse acts as a large pharmacy, stocked full of appointments, balms, and medicines of all kind.
Kostadis Roussos: And in it is an elderly satire druid who's called himself Saloon, who keeps himself busy through the day, distilling tinctures, crushing seeds, and macerating herbs on a workstation near the counter. A friendly squirrel assists him by fetching small tools and implements for the druid.
Kostadis Roussos: So, what would you like to ask him? I presume you want to ask him who visited him?
Daz: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: And what happened?
Daz: And then, who visited him, what happened, what the timelines were, and then also questions about, does he have, does he know of anybody who has any interest in the type of poison that we found?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay. So, he says at 2.30 of the night of the murder, the day of the murder, rather, Feminer goes to Leuven at the Oak Tree Apothecary for some cold medicine.
Kostadis Roussos: I gave her some tincture of whorehound to put her inner tea and licorice to chew on.
Kostadis Roussos: Then at 3pm, Alei goes to see Luven at the Oak Tree Apothecary and asks for fresh fennel for indigestion. The two of them make their way down via the rear exit of the treehouse to the greenhouse below, where I cut him a concupia of herbs year-round with the age of my magic.
Kostadis Roussos: Or I grow a concorpia of herbs every year, or year-round.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, at 3.15, after I gave, okay, so that's… alright. So that's what, that's what he knows has happened.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so… I presume you're looking around?
Daz: Yeah, yeah, of course. I'm gonna try to take in and see if there's anything.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah,
Daz: Any sign of a struggle, if there's…
Kostadis Roussos: Anyways.
Daz: Like, you know, any…
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so as you're looking around the apathetic area, you find a peppermint-covered rag and a broken glass.
Daz: Do I notice anything, like a smell or a look on the broken glass or anything?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, so since you speak Elvish, you notice on the top shelf, directly above the spillage, is labeled Dangerous Toxins.
Daz: What about this broken piece of glass here, this broken vial?
Kostadis Roussos: So do you show it to Levin?
Daz: Well, like, well, I just found it, right? In his shop?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, so basically… so yeah, so what it looks like is… so what you… you gathered is some… the glass broke, and somebody kind of tried to hide it badly.
Daz: Okay, and that's… and that's why the peppermint or whatever rag is there?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Daz: Hey, did you know that it looks like somebody may have broken one of your vials up here in your dangerous goods?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, that's… that's shocking! That's… that's… that's unacceptable!
Daz: in that pile.
Kostadis Roussos: Dangerous toxins!
Daz: What toxin was in that vial?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I… he goes, well, it was one of those things that if you mix with other things and build other things, it turns into very dangerous poisons. I… well, I can't imagine… somebody… I can't imagine how this happened. Nibbles? Nibbles, maybe Nibbles knows something.
Daz: Who's nibbles?
Kostadis Roussos: The squirrel pops up.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Daz: I'm crossing a squirrel.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, yes, you're questioning the squirrel. Exactly.
Daz: Just wanted to make sure… What's happening right now?
Kostadis Roussos: So there's this, like, little squirrel standing on…
Daz: Acorns in my pocket or anything? I…
Kostadis Roussos: You could ask, Luven whether you have any…
Daz: Yeah, like, actually, can I just speak to the squirrel natively using my, Speak to Animals?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, of course, yes, but I'm just saying, you have the… do you ask for acorns from Lobin?
Daz: Yeah, yeah, I asked for acorns from the shopkeeper, for sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… So there we have the sight of this drow speaking to a squirrel.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Joe Beda: hot.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, I know, but, you know, in the great tropes of Dungeons & Dragons, there's lots of things I could imagine, but traditionally, the drow would be, like, pulling its tail or doing something horrible to it, but Dazz is not your… you know, these are tropes, not, not destiny.
Kostadis Roussos: So Nibbles goes, Oh, you've got nuts!
Daz: Yeah, I have some… I have some nuts here.
Kostadis Roussos: I love nuts!
Daz: Do you know what… do you know what happened with this file over here, and maybe who would have been interested in its contents, and why they would have just covered it up?
Kostadis Roussos: And maybe what they were… I don't know, he goes, that's a little bit too much. You might ask, who did he see, like…
Daz: Who did you see?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, Do you have any more nuts?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Daz: And I show him a nut, but I don't give it to him until he's who he saw.
Kostadis Roussos: Who did you see?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, I saw the unfriendly girl gnome.
Daz: You got, you make…
Kostadis Roussos: That's… that clearly refers to Fenny Moore Scriven back. Okay.
Daz: I've given the number.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Daz: And did she seem darkest? Or how did she seem?
Kostadis Roussos: She was unpleasant.
Kostadis Roussos: And she never speak… Yes, she's always unpleasant and unfriendly.
Kostadis Roussos: I know more if you have more nuts!
Daz: Pull out two more nuts and hold them up.
Kostadis Roussos: What else do you have?
Kostadis Roussos: Wheel!
Kostadis Roussos: There was a big, clumsy, dark-skinned elf who showed up.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Daz: It's a draw, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and that, that refers to LA, ally, Eli.
Daz: Anyway, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, which conforms your other thing.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, she goes, Do you have any MORE nets?
Daz: What else do… do I have any more nuts from the shopkeeper? How many did you give me?
Kostadis Roussos: The shopkeeper can give you infinite nuts.
Daz: Okay, yeah, I have some more nuts, and I hand, I set down the 2 and I hold up 4.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, Squirrel, Squirrel is very excited.
Kostadis Roussos: There was a huge lizard skin came in, and made a big mess!
Daz: Lizard skin, so that would be a dragonborn, maybe?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Daz: Okay, made a big mess. What kind of mess did they… was it… what kind of mess did they make?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, something went BLING, and shuddered, and… and then they went around, moving things around, and they, and then they were left.
Daz: Okay, so Dragon Board, a drow…
Kostadis Roussos: And because you gave me so many tokens, I saw the person, but Loven didn't, because Loven wasn't in the room.
Daz: Where was Logan?
Kostadis Roussos: He was helping the big, unclumsy, dark-skinned elf!
Daz: Oh.
Joe Beda: Did they all come in together, or…
Daz: the diversion, and then the Dragonborn broke the thing.
Daz: Yes. Where was the ogre?
Kostadis Roussos: There was no ogre.
Kostadis Roussos: Girl Gnome. Where's the girl gnome?
Daz: Where was the girl known?
Kostadis Roussos: She had come and gone by then.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Daz: So it was a Dragonborn that broke and got the stuff.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: And it looks like.
Kostadis Roussos: And so you may.
Joe Beda: Yes, L-I-N.
Daz: He's in cahoots… he's in cahoots with a draw.
Daz: Who set up the…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, as a drow, you're beginning to appreciate this conspiracy.
Daz: Yes, absolutely.
Kostadis Roussos: And then…
Daz: And that the drow was the one that was causing the diversion and not getting their hands dirty with the highly toxic poisons that might kill you.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and that, that, that…
Daz: For the Dragonborn.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you know, you're kind of feeling… You're learning stuff.
Daz: Yes. I'm on track… I'm on the rails now. I think we're… Heading in the right direction.
Kostadis Roussos: I think we're headed in the right direction. All right, all right, so that's what you come up with.
Daz: How… did the drow or the dragon… did the drow or the lizard skin have any identifying unique marks?
Kostadis Roussos: That he doesn't know. The squirrel doesn't know. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Squirrels like that.
Daz: I hand the squirrel 5 more nuts and say thank you very much.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, like, the scroll is, like…
Daz: I can't ask any more questions because the squirrel's jaws are out like this.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, the squirrel, you know, sort of a steam out of Ice Age, the squirrel
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay, Gabe, we will do… you, you and what's his name, we'll sneak around. Is there, like, do you want… is there somebody you want to go look at, or,
Kostadis Roussos: So the choices are Silvera, Darrell, LA, Fennymore, Alcist, so I'll just make it different. Silvara is somebody who everybody's pointed the finger on.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Daryl is the per- Yeah, your least suspicious. Ally, Ivan Moore?
Kostadis Roussos: That looks suspicious.
Gabe: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Fenny Moore Scriven back.
Kostadis Roussos: Other than the fact that she wanted the job, you don't really… you haven't picked up on anything.
Kostadis Roussos: Alcrest is the new wildcard that you haven't heard very much about.
Kostadis Roussos: There's Teles Avoste.
Kostadis Roussos: Again, somebody who wanted the top job. Other than that, you haven't really heard anything. Bookworm is a particular… is a… is somebody that, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Seemed very eager to fire the previous boss.
Kostadis Roussos: And get somebody else in charge.
Kostadis Roussos: And Kazrin Niet.
Kostadis Roussos: Tani, who is the, chief cleric.
Gabe: Okay, how much time do we have? How many can I… Can I serve?
Kostadis Roussos: Sure, so I said you can search… I mean, we'll do it with your skill checks. If you do well on your skill set searches, you can do more. We'll do it as a series of incremental skill checks, so 12…
Kostadis Roussos: 16… 2024.
Gabe: Boy, alright. And what am I rolling?
Kostadis Roussos: So, like, the first one, you should be able to succeed, the second one, you're probably gonna succeed, the third one less likely, fourth one, most unlikely. Does that make sense?
Gabe: It does! Fortunately, Glevagul's helping me out here, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yes, I know, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: He's very happy to be doing… he's like, we're going on a secret mission!
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Gabe: Okay, so let's go down that list. I think I mostly wanted to search in the order that you listed them, except I don't… I'm gonna skip… skip Sylv… Sylvira for now.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so Vyra is the… the… Daryl Alley? That is the first suspect you guys have.
Gabe: But Daryl's the one who's poisoned himself, right?
Joe Beda: Yeah, yeah, we don't… We're just torturing him, yeah.
Gabe: Okay, let's skip… skip him as well.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? I'll lay it even more. Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I go through him.
Joe Beda: Suddenly shot up to top suspect.
Gabe: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I see.
Joe Beda: Costatus wants to pre-prepare and actually.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: How come on! I hope you… do you have any idea how much effort it's just like… I'm enjoying this, by the way, I hope you guys are.
Joe Beda: No, no, no, I know, I'm laughing, I'm like.
Joe Beda: We're throwing you curveballs, man, I know this.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay. So, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so,
Kostadis Roussos: You are… his chambers are sparsely but tastefully decorated, including several fine pieces of glassware and ceramics. A large mirror and a portrait of himself hang on the wall.
Kostadis Roussos: Right,
Kostadis Roussos: You also find a book called…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, so you don't fight.
Kostadis Roussos: No, hold on, hold on, hold on. Let me… give me a sec. I need to check something, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You also find a cage of 5 white doves.
Kostadis Roussos: But you only notice that 2 of them, only 2 doves are remaining.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait.
Gabe: Meaning?
Gabe: That others are dead, or…
Kostadis Roussos: That, well, white devs are used for messaging.
Gabe: Right. You said I found a cage of 5 white doves?
Kostadis Roussos: If you find a… you can't found a cage that… for 5 white doves, and only 2 are… only 2 are there.
Gabe: But sized for 5. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, right, size for 5. And when you look at the feeding and the poop, you quickly gather there were more than 2.
Kostadis Roussos: Got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, let me just check once.
Kostadis Roussos: I need to just check something about the timeline…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, why don't we go to the next room, and I'll get back to you. So, the next one is Alcrest, who is the new suspect, Teles, who's somebody who Daryl has pointed the finger at, and Bookworm is the next person.
Gabe: And yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Remember, the more searches you do, the harder it gets.
Gabe: Yeah, understood. I mean, I was gonna go in that order anyway, so Alcrist was… Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alcrist is next, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, Alchrist has lavishly decorated chambers with expensive furniture, fine materials, and fashionable artworks. Aside from his spellbook, his desks also contain several tightly seared, sealed glass jars containing dead rats, their skin blistered and postulated.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So, on his sage bedside table lies an attractive book bound in black leather with stars and gold filigree.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you, presume you pick it up?
Kostadis Roussos: You did roll your 16, right? I presume?
Gabe: Well, you never told me about your role.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, investigation, the sled… what, investigation, or, insight…
Gabe: Insight, let's do that. And with Global's help, of course, right? Because, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Yes. They're Voltron.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, 18, right? 18. Did I read that correctly?
Gabe: Winterface.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Gabe: Roll20 looks different now. When it rolls Advantage, it looks different.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, I noticed that as well. Okay, you find a collection of stories called 1001 Talashian Nights.
Kostadis Roussos: And it has a bookmark.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, you can pick it up.
Kostadis Roussos: And drop… and look at it, or you can not, but if you do pick it up and drop it off, you do have to roll a sleight of hands and beat a 10, so that he doesn't notice it.
Gabe: I mean, later.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah.
Gabe: Sure, sleight of hand. Fortunately, we're Voltron here still, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, yes, you're… yes, it's fine. I mean, you also rolled it. Okay. On the sage's bedside table, okay, it is bookmarked on the tales of a military commander who is poisoned after being given a gift of surrender. A magic whore whose mouthpiece had been covered with midnight tears.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's crazy stuff.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and so that is all you find. You also find a lock saved, but I'm assuming you're not gonna throw
Kostadis Roussos: Try to break into the locked safe.
Daz: I mean, we're not the famed wizard, or, the famed Whistler from,
Kostadis Roussos: You know.
Daz: previous generation of adventurers.
Gabe: We aren't, but… can Gladwell just kind of sneak inside, slip inside?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's not, no, it has to be 1 inch thick, 1 inch opening.
Daz: Mmm…
Gabe: Okay, so this isn't one of those old-school massive locks.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, this is… no, it's a safe.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Design, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, we are out of time, so we will stop here if that is okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Gabe: We seem to have a lead.
Kostadis Roussos: At least, you have so many different leads.
Daz: Yeah, we have a lot of leads.
Gabe: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And I will get you back the… the last… actually, why don't we just do the bookmark one so we can get it out of the way. Alright, alright, you have to roll a 20 now to see if you succeed on your investigation. Or insight, whatever it is you…
Kostadis Roussos: No. And you do not. No.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so… but you do… you are able to get into the room, And…
Kostadis Roussos: She has the spacious chambers which occupy half of the top of the floor of the Reader's Towers, and are comfortable and neatly arranged without being extravagant.
Kostadis Roussos: So… But you don't find anything of significant interest.
Gabe: And, Glavagul didn't smell any poison.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, it's not smell any poison.
Kostadis Roussos: Weird.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Gabe: Pretty good.
Kostadis Roussos: Very good.
Kostadis Roussos: This was fun, I hope. I enjoyed it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Take care. Good evening.
Joe Beda: Have a great.